All alone in the dark, dark forest, Goldilocks picked some flowers.
Oh! Did she often go for a walk in the forest alone?
No, she didn't. And soon she was lost. Goldilocks looked around her.
Where am I? She asked. Then she noticed a little house, so she hurried towards it and knocked on the door.
Nobody answered, so she knocked again and again.
Finally, she pushed the door. It was open. There was nobody there.
Oh! Didn't anyone live in the house?
Oh, just wait a moment, darming. Goldilocks entered the house and looked into a small room.
On a table there were three bowls with some nice food in them.
One bowl was small. One was big and one was very big.
Goldilocks was very hungry. She picked up the very big bowl, but she didn't like it. It was very hot.
Then she picked up the big bowl, but she didn't like it. It was cold.
The little bowl was just right. She finished all the food in it.